README.md, before:

# Giga

Some random thing for Balatro. Some assets work weirdly sometimes

## Installation

Just download the zip file, extract it and place it in your Mod folder.

[Steamodded](https://github.com/Steamodded/smods) and [Lovely](https://github.com/ethangreen-dev/lovely-injector) required. 
Can be useful to have [Talisman](https://github.com/SpectralPack/Talisman) too.

## Asset

**Joker**

- Cash Pass : Gain 12$ when blind is selected but X0.75 Mult
- Blue Chicken : Create a Blue Egg every 4 round and +10 Chips
- Blue Egg : This egg is kinda weird, you'll see what it did
- King of Jack : Gain X0.1 Mult for each Jack played
- Funny Crown : Sell this card after 2 round for creating a King of Jack and a Bonus Jack
- Snapchat Girl : 1/6 chances to create a Legendary Joker on selling, otherwise -20$
- T-rex : Create a Tarot every 2 round and destroy a consumable for gaining +6 Mult and +25 Chips if possible
- Velocyraptor : +4 Mult if hand doesn't contain Ace

*Some Joker has secret interaction with other Jokers*

## Additionnal Info

If a whole asset is in comment, don't remove it from the comment. It's an idea and it make the game crash.

## Credits

- le_dugs for ideas and support

Commit message:

Correct Joker.png and Add Shredded Ace

README.md, after:

# Giga

Some random thing for Balatro. Some assets work weirdly sometimes

## Installation

Just download the zip file, extract it and place it in your Mod folder.

[Steamodded](https://github.com/Steamodded/smods) and [Lovely](https://github.com/ethangreen-dev/lovely-injector) required. 
Can be useful to have [Talisman](https://github.com/SpectralPack/Talisman) too.

## Asset

**Joker**

- Cash Pass : Gain 12$ when blind is selected but X0.75 Mult
- Blue Chicken : Create a Blue Egg every 4 round and +10 Chips
- Blue Egg : This egg is kinda weird, you'll see what it did
- King of Jack : Gain X0.1 Mult for each Jack played
- Funny Crown : Sell this card after 2 round for creating a King of Jack and a Bonus Jack
- Snapchat Girl : 1/6 chances to create a Legendary Joker on selling, otherwise -20$
- T-rex : Create a Tarot every 2 round and destroy a consumable for gaining +6 Mult and +25 Chips if possible
- Velocyraptor : +6 Mult if hand doesn't contain Ace
- Shredded Ass : Create an Ace at the start of the round and +1 Mult for each Ace

*Some Joker has secret interaction with other Jokers*

## Additionnal Info

If a whole asset is in comment, don't remove it from the comment. It's an idea and it make the game crash.

## Credits

- le_dugs for ideas and support
